1) what is doctype??
a) its not an html tag but an information to the web browser about what type of documet to 
expect.

2) is declaring doctype necessary?
a) yes, declaring doctype in necessary or the browser start behaving like old standards.

3) difference between css and css3.
a) 1) css3 is faster
2) it supports 3d transformations and animations
3) it supports responsive design
4) it can be divided into modules

4) box sizing in css
a) it enables the padding and border property to be included in the height and width of the 
element.

.apply-box{
    box-sizing: border-box;
}

5) ecmascript in javascript
a) ecmascript is standard for javascript. it works towards making javascript a better scripting
language that includex syntax, error handling, datatypes, inheritance, built in function etc.

6) difference between let,const and var
a var is global and functional scoped. var can be re-declared and updated.var is hoisted and 
initialized to "undefined".
let is block scoped. it cannot be re-declared but can be updated. let is hoisted but not 
initialized.
const is also block scoped. it can neither be updated or re-declared. const is hoisted and not
initialized. const should be initialzed at the time of declaration.

7) spread operator in javascript
a) spread operators are used to copy the contents of an object to another.

8) arrow function in javascript.
a) arrow functions are an iteration over normal functions introduced in ES6. it makes functions
easier to use. 

9) what is typescript?
a) it is a syntactical superset of javascript which adds static typing (allows us to add types
 to the variables).

10) set timeout and set interval? how to stop it?
a) setTimeout will execute a function after a given time. setInterval does the same thing but it 
continously keeps doing it unless stopped explicitly. to stop the setTimeout method we can use
"clearTimeout" and for stoping the setInterval we can use "clearInterval".

11) highest occurence in the array

12) explain reactjs
a) reactjs is a front end javascript library to build UI interfaces.

13) difference between uncontrolled and controlled components in reactjs?
a) controlled components are handled by state where as uncontrolled components are handled by
DOM.

14) what are hooks in reactjs?
a)hooks allows functional components to have access to the state and lifecycle methods.
it can be only called inside a functional component.
defined at the top level of the functional component.
it cannot be conditional.

15) what are props and why we use them?
a) props stands for properties. they are arguments passed on to react components. they are passed
as HTML attribute.
used to pass values from parent to child component.

16) is props the best way to transfer data to components?
a) depends.

17) what is redux? what are middlewares in redux?
a) redux is predictable container for storing state for javascript applications.
it is a store to keep all states that can be accessed by number of components. the components 
can also make changes to the store but its not a as simple as updating a state using hooks.
certain procesure needs to be followed.

the store values can be updated using reducers and actions.

reducer is a function that takes in current state and action as arguments ans return updated state.

we can create store using createStore method in redux.

we can use store.dispatch() method to dispatch an action to the reducer. 

middleware: it intercepts actions and modify them and passes on to reducer.
we can use it for logging, error handling, perform async operations etc.
